This guy is lucky
Some people say that Yangming City is a master in this field
Better eyesight than Hou Lao
And Dr. Sun has great admiration for his medical skills
Doctor Sun is almost going to be his grandfather
I also admire his medical skills
Hey, treasure appraisal and art are two different fields
In this lifetime
In one field
It is difficult to surpass the achievements of Doctor Sun and Lao Hou
How could he possibly surpass both of them at the same time?
Oh, come on.
Come with me later
Send this invitation
Delivered to their Liang Family Desheng Auction House
Invite them to the Doubao Conference
The official family presides over the Doubao Conference
There is also the participation of the first wealthy family in Dongyuan
This Doubao Conference in Dongyuan is also considered a pull
full
Wait until I finish hosting the Doubao Conference
I guess my dad forgot about that guy
I should go back then
Brother is this
I've been doing etiquette here for over a month
Miss, it's just not enough salary
Let's go let's go
But that manager Fan is difficult to give birth to
Isn't this a small roll?
You are here to see Manager Fan
Well, hurry up and get it. You go
The CEO
This is my brother
I brought my brother here to ask for salary. Is there a problem?
Hmm use